del(6x legacy forms): delete (#582)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: md/page-and-form-development-overview.md

For certain cases, you can specify that there is no form. This is required for a process that is instantiated programmatically (by a call activity or by an API call from an application, for example), or for a process or a task that does not have any contract input.  
A human task with no form and no contract represents a manual task, completed outside Bonita. The user will indicate in the application or Portal that the manual task is complete. A process or a human task with a contract but no form expects the information needed to fulfill the contract to be provided programmatically.

::: warning

> **Attention**: The 7.8 version of Bonita doesn't support V6 GWT forms either at design or at runtime.

Author: ```suggestion
**Attention**: Bonita 7.8 doesn't support 6.x GWT forms and case overview pages, neither for design nor at runtime.
```
